Wang Zongjun, what do you mean?
Lord Wang, what do I mean?
Can't you see?
Is this kid openly challenging the authority of the Dragon?
Convict him soon
You are mistaken.
Mr. Lin is the son of national fortune under the dragon
How could he possibly be a sinner?
You own their places in the stands
Lin Yuanzhou
How could Hua Wuji be the two of them?
This kid is on this occasion
Take the places of the two sinners downstairs
Above us
His position is clear at a glance
But he is the savior of our lobster prophecy
The lobster crisis is approaching
It's up to him to save the lobster
Lord Wang
Are you questioning the ability of this army?
Is Long Xia in trouble?
This army will do nothing
No no no your ability is beyond doubt
But I also hope that the fables are true enough
In the end, it is important to exterminate the rape downstairs
Or are your false fables important?
I think you are too superstitious
Wang Chongyang
Why do you say they are all evil people?
Now I'm going to clarify here
They are all heroic warriors for the country and the people
Not a collaborator and traitor
What do you know?
That was 20 years ago.
You are an unsuspecting junior
Don't be fooled here
How did I not know?
20 years ago, the country was full of dirt
That bloody picture
I will never forget who you are
I am the eldest daughter of Hua Wuji
The only survivor of the Hua family's extermination